New Feature Mentoring
=====================

1. Outline a Test Strategy
Type of testing needed
----------------------
- Fuctional Testing : to verify all input and output based on requrements
- UI/UX design testing : to verify all section of this feature align with design spesification
- all platform impacted for new feature based on requirements (all browser and mobile responsiveness)
- E2E testing : to check all journey/flow, and tidak menyenggol feature yang existing dan all data recorded as expected include for tracking, navigation, etc

Key Areas of Focus
------------------
- verify for all section on this feature if this is a new page on dealls platform
- validate form (mandatory form, formating, and rule for password
- authentication and error handling
- verify for navigation for each page
- verify for compatibilities on browser/devices

Environments
------------
- staging : will execute for pre release testing 
- beta for apps (if any): to make sure all journer works as expected before release
- production : execute regressesion test for after release and double check untuk tidak menyenggol yang existing

Automation
- local dev 

Any assumptions 
----------------
- based on user role
- no need email verification



2.  High Level Test Scenario
Register as mentee
------------------
Navigation and Redirection
1. Verify user is redirected to the register page
2. Verify user is able to select register as Job - seeker / Mentee option
3. Verify user is redirected correctly to register form after selectint register as Mentee

Form Submission and Validation for Positive Scenario
4. Verify user is able to successfully register with all valid input data
5. Verify file upload accepts supported file extensions (e.g. PDF, JPG, etc)
6. Verify file upload suppor only within allowed size limte (e.g. 2MB, 5MB, etc)
7. Verify registrarion can proceed only if the 'terms and conditions' checkbox is checked

Form submission and validation for negative scenario
8. Verify user can see appropriate error message when trying to register with an already registered email
9 Verify Register button remains disabled when the form is submitted with empty/blank fields
10. Verify user can see validation error when registering with invalid email formate
11. Verify file upload rejected for unsupported file extension (e,g. .zip, etc)
12. Verify file upload rejected for file that are too small or exceed the mex size limit
13. Verify Register button is disable when terms and conditionss checkbox is not checked

Edge Cases
14. Verify form fields handle special characters
15. Verify input validation for max/min character length
16. Verify unexpected user behaviou such as refreshing page during form fill, submit multiple times quickly, switchig tab and returnig (check session still preserved or not)

Login as mentee
----------------
Login form with positive scenario
1. Verify user is able to access login page
2. Verify user is abke to login successfully using valid email and password
3. verify user redirected to the correct page after succesful login

Login form with negative scenario
4. Verify user can see error message on field when input with incorrect email
5. Verify user can see error message whe  login with incorrect password
6. Verify login attempt with unregistered email shows proper error message
7. Verify login with emppty fields disables login button

Edge cases
8 verify the system locks out user after multiple failed login attempts (e.g. 5 tries)
9 Verify session is maintained after login until logout
10. Verify for forgot password works as expected
11. Verify password visibility toggle work as expected

Search for a mentor
-------------------
1. Verify user is able to access mentor list page (pageurl: ../mentoring)
2. Verify user is able to search mentor by name, perusahaan, peran, industri, universitas, jurusan, topik 
3. Verify user is able to search mentor by category Karir ( Accounting, business, data, etc, by defaults show all)
4. Verify user is able to search mentor by category akademik (beasiswa S1, Internship, etc, by defaults show all)
5. Verify user is able to search mentor by Tingkatan ( C-Level, director, etc )
6. Verify user is able to search mentor by combination filters
7. verify user is able to search mentor by keyword
8. Verify user can see appropriate results for valid search input, shown as mentor card list
9. Verify to show 'No results found' for unmatched search 
10. Verify for reset filter

Edge cases
11. verify for handle when show large number of mentor, show pagination of infinite scroll is work as expected
12. verify when we used pagination verify for invalid page number return 404 page
13. verify special characters in search input return correct results or are sanitizes
14. we need to consider for SEO stuff such as canonical, meta title and description
15. verify for responsiveness on mobile/web platform

Sorting for mentor
------------------
1. Verify user is able to sort mentor list by Paling relevan, ketesediaan terdekat, terbaru
2. verify for default sorting is relevance
3. verify user is able to combine search filter and sorting
4. verify to show all avaibalbe mentor on search results page for mentor

suggestion: show available mentor on top search result to easiest find a mentor (need to check prioroty based on business process)

Mentor Detail Page
------------------
1. Verify user will redirect to mentor detail page after click card from search results page
2. verify user can see all detail of mentor such as profile, name, review, experience, eduction etc

Make a schedule
---------------
Make a schedule for poitive scenario
1. verify user can access the scheduling pop up after click Ajukan Jadwal from Mentor Detail Page
2. Verify user can select a velid date and time slot
3. Verify user can add notes for the mentor
4. Verify user can upload optional file
5. Verify Selesai button is disable when terms and conditionss checkbox is not checked
6. Verify user can submit request for schedule
7. Verify confirmation message shown after scheduling
8. Verify shecduled session appears in user upcoming schedule
9. Verify mentor receive a notification about new schedule request

Make a schedule for negative scenario
10. verify user cannot scheduke on a disable or unavailable date or time
11. verify user cannot submit a request with empty mandatory fields
12. verify form validation works id user enter invalid input on fields
13. verify user cannot schedule multiple schedule session at the same time slot

Edge cases
14. verify scheduled session can be edited or recheduled (if feature available)
15. Verify scheduled session can be cancelled (if allowed)
16. verify to show snackbar when request failed (e.g. nework issue, etc)
17  verify user will redirect to loging if they make a schedule while not logged in
18. verify when user fill the form and then reload the page
